IBX-8917: Content fixes in Developer Documentation (#2506)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/users/customer_groups.md

!!! tip

    Customer groups aren't the same as [user groups](user_registration.md#user-groups).
    User groups concern all users in the system and can be used, for example, to handle permissions.
    Customer groups refer specifically to the commerce functionalities and enable handling prices.

## Enabling customer groups

> To enable using customer groups, you need to modify the user content type's definition by adding a [customer group field](customergroupfield.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the use of customer groups, you need to modify the user content type's definition by adding a [customer group field](customergroupfield.md).
```
